Vice President Jiang
You are back.
You don't know how arrogant Qi Tian was just now
He said that you don't deserve President Liang to be his subordinate
Everyone, this Qi Tian is still calm to Liang Feng
Not only because of hunting Xiaoxiao
And he thinks
The master of the business community in Taijinhai City
Professor Xiaoshun
not only
Listen to him slowly, I just left
Because I heard some shocking news.
Miss Ye is able to match Qi Tian
Decided to help him dominate the Haicheng Chamber of Commerce
Miss Ye, are you going too far?
It's when we Begonia are gone, right?
I didn't expect this Miss Ye to be so ruthless
How dare you slander the soul of this lady
No matter how much you slander me or insult me
I can ignore it
But you spoke ill of her?
Don't blame me for being rude
Qi Tian
Since you all say I want to dominate the business community in Haicheng
Then today I will be like your Yue
What are you doing today?
You don't want to be Ruzuo, do you?